docs(ReadMe): Documenting smart contracts and it's function (#188)
WavesHQ/bridge: README.md

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/4eaec04e-1416-4c65-843e-d7413fb81d2c/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/defichain-erc20-bridge/deploys)

## DeFiChain ERC-20 Bridge

> ### All smart contracts will be deployed on Goerli testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All smart contracts will be deployed on Goerli testnet for testing purposes.
```

### How to get ether on a testnet to make testnet transactions?

Users can get the GoerliETH via Goerli Faucet(https://goerlifaucet.com/)

> ### How to get ERC20 tokens to test bridging functionality?
> 
> Ideally, we will have multiple Test tokens available. Users will be able to mint tokens by calling the `mint()` function with the respective EOA (Externally Owned Account) or contract address and amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to get ERC20 tokens to test bridging functionality?

The MUSDT and MUSDC contract have been deployed on Goerli for testing. Users will be able to mint tokens by calling the `mint()` function with the respective EOA (Externally Owned Account) or contract address and amount.
```

### When bridging to DeFiChain, what is the event that devs need to listen to, and what is the payload of that event?

On bridging to the DeFiChain, the event `BRIDGE_TO_DEFI_CHAIN(bytes defiAddress, address indexed tokenAddress, uint256 indexed amount , uint256 indexed timestamp);` will be emitted along with the user's defiAddress, the ERC20 token's address that is being bridged, the amount of the token being bridged, and the timestamp of the transaction.

### When bridging from DeFiChain, what is the expected signed message?

Expected message should be similar to `0x9a2618a0503cf675a85e4519fc97890fba5b851d15e02b8bc8f351d22b46580059c03992465695e89fc29e528797972d05de0b34768d5d3d7f772f2422eb9af01b == relayerAddress._signTypedData(domainData, eip712Types, eip712Data)`. This data is singed by the relayer address. Data that hasn't signed by the relayer address will revert with the error `FAKE_SIGNATURE`.

### Sample metamask transaction of claim transaction?

TODO

### General explanation on how the contract works from an EVM perspective?

TODO

## Operational Transactions

> To change state of any smart contract, user need to approve the smart contract with the respected token via `approve()` function first. Once approved, user will be able to bridge the token over to DefiChain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the state of any smart contract, users need to approve the smart contract of the respective token via the `approve()` function first. Once approved, user will be able to bridge the token over to DefiChain.
```

### Add supported token

Only addresses with Admin and operational role can call the `addSupportedTokens()` function. Admin sets the `_dailyAllowance`.
User should not allow to bridge more than the dailyAllowance/day.

### Remove supported token

Only addresses with Admin and operational role can call the `removeSupportedTokens()` function.

### Withdraw ether

Only the Admin can call the `withdrawEth()` function with ETH's amount.

### Withdraw ERC20

Only the Admin can call the `withdraw()` function with the token's address and amount.

### Change Daily Allowance

Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change the `_dailyAllowance` (the new daily allowance) and `_newResetTimeStamp` (the timestamp when the token will start being supported) via `changeDailyAllowance()` function. The allowance period stays true until it passes 24 hours since it was changed, during this time no bridging to Defi will be allowed.

### Withdraw / withdrawEth

> `withdraw()` and `withdrawEth()` functions when called will withdraw ERC20 token and ETHER respectively. Only address with admin role can call these functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`withdraw()` and `withdrawEth()` functions when called will withdraw ERC20 token and ETHER respectively. Only the address with the Admin role can call these functions.
```

### Fund Ether - to transfer ERC20 tokens from an EOA to the Bridge

When sending ETHER to bridge, the user will not have to approve the contract. By default, every smart contract accepts ETH. Sending ether will be similar to ERC20, except we don't account for `_amount`, instead `msg.value()` is used. The `_defiAddress` is the address on the Defi Chain that is receiving funds. The `_tokenAddress` for ETH does not have an address, as it is a native currency, it should be `address(0)`/`0x0`.

### Add supported token

Only addresses with Admin and operational roles can call the `addSupportedTokens()` function. Admin sets the `_dailyAllowance`.
Users should not allow bridging more than the dailyAllowance/day.

### Remove supported token

Only addresses with Admin and operational roles can call the `removeSupportedTokens()` function.

### Withdraw ether

Only the Admin can call the `withdrawEth()` function with ETH's amount.

### Withdraw ERC20

Only the Admin can call the `withdraw()` function with the token's address and amount.

### Change Daily Allowance

> Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change the `_dailyAllowance` and `_newResetTimeStamp` via `changeDailyAllowance()` function. This will reset the `inChangeAllowancePeriod` to true. When true, no bridging to the Defi chain is allowed. The allowance period stays true until it passes 24 hours since it was changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change the `_dailyAllowance` (the new daily allowance) and `_newResetTimeStamp` (the timestamp when the token will start being supported) via `changeDailyAllowance()` function. This will reset the `inChangeAllowancePeriod` to true. When true, no bridging to the Defi chain is allowed. The allowance period stays true until it passes 24 hours since it was changed.
```

We also need to take another look at the `inChangeAllowancePeriod` part since we dont have that anymore

Reviewer: It still mentions the `inChangeAllowancePeriod` part, we should probably delete that? 🤔

### Withdraw / withdrawEth

`withdraw()` and `withdrawEth()` functions when called will withdraw ERC20 token and ETHER respectively. Only address with admin role can call these functions.

### Change relayer address

Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change `relayerAddress`.

> Relayer address will primarily be used for signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relayer address will primarily be used for verifying the signature that is signed by the server.
```

Author: Relayer address should be signing the signature

Reviewer: Yep, but the concept of the 'relayer address'  exists in particular for the smart contract, and there, it's used to verify the signed claim instead of doing some form of signing.

### Transaction fee change

> Only address with admin role can change `transactionFee`. Initial fee will be set to 0.3%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only address with admin role can change `transactionFee`. Initial fee will be set to 0.3%. This means that if the user bridges `X` tokens, he will only bridge 99.7% of X. The other 0.3% will be taken as fees.
```

## Operational Transactions

> For the contract to spend funds on behalf of the user, the user needs to approve the smart contract with the respected ERC-20 token via the `approve()` function first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the contract to spend funds on behalf of the user, the user needs to approve the smart contract with the respective ERC-20 token via the `approve()` function first.
```

Once approved, the contract will be able to transfer funds from the user's balance to itself, and the user will be able to bridge the token over to DefiChain.

### Fund ERC20 tokens - to transfer ERC20 tokens from an EOA to the Bridge

> Once approved, user will call the `bridgeToDeFiChain()` function with following the arguments: `_defiAddress`- address on DeFiChain that is receiving funds, `_tokenAddress` - ERC20 token's address and `_amount` amount to bridge over to Defi chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once approved, user will call the `bridgeToDeFiChain()` function with following the arguments: `_defiAddress` (address on DeFiChain that is receiving funds), `_tokenAddress` (ERC20 token's address) and `_amount` (amount to bridge to DeFiChain).
```

Let's be consistent with the rest of the README

### Fund Ether - to transfer ERC20 tokens from an EOA to the Bridge

> When sending ETHER to bridge, the user will not have to approve the contract. By default, every smart contract accepts ETH. Sending ether will be similar to ERC20, except we don't account for `_amount` and it is ignored. Instead, `msg.value()` is used. The `_defiAddress` is the address on the Defi Chain that is receiving funds. The `_tokenAddress` for ETH does not have an address, as it is a native currency, it should be `address(0)`/`0x0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending ETHER to bridge, the user will not have to approve the contract. By default, every smart contract accepts ETH. Sending ether will be similar to ERC20, except we don't account for `_amount` and it is ignored. Instead, `msg.value()` is used. The `_defiAddress` is the address on the Defi Chain that is receiving funds. The `_tokenAddress` for ETH does not have an address, as it is a native currency. it should be identified as  `address(0)`/`0x0` instead.
```

### Add supported token

Only addresses with Admin and operational roles can call the `addSupportedTokens()` function. Admin sets the `_dailyAllowance` (the new allowance) and `_startAllowanceTimeFrom` (the timestamp from when the new token will start being supported). The admin will need to provide the `_tokenAddress` of the ERC-20 token as well.

> Users will not be able to bridge more than the dailyAllowance/day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will not be able to bridge a total amount that is more than the dailyAllowance per day.
```

## Operational Transactions

To change state of any smart contract, user need to approve the smart contract with the respected token via `approve()` function first. Once approved, user will be able to bridge the token over to DefiChain.

### Fund ERC20 tokens - to transfer ERC20 tokens from an EOA to the Bridge

Once approved, user will call the `bridgeToDeFiChain()` function with following arguments: `_defiAddress`- address on Defi Chain that receiving funds, `_tokenAddress` - ERC20 token's address and `_amount` amount to bridge over to Defi chain.

### Fund Ether - to transfer ERC20 tokens from an EOA to the Bridge

> When sending ETHER to bridge, the user will not have to approve the contract. By default, every smart contract accepts ETH. Sending ether will be similar to ERC20, except we don't account for `_amount`, instead `msg.value()` is used. The `_defiAddress` is the address on the Defi Chain that is receiving funds. The `_tokenAddress` for ETH does not have an address, as it is a native currency, it should be address(0)/0x0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending ETHER to bridge, the user will not have to approve the contract. By default, every smart contract accepts ETH. Sending ether will be similar to an ERC20 token, except we don't account for `_amount` - instead `msg.value()` is used. The `_defiAddress` is the address on the DeFiChain that is receiving funds. Since ETH does not have an address since it is the native currency, it is identified by address(0)/0x0 in `_tokenAddress`
```

### Add supported token

> Only addresses with Admin and operational role can call the `addSupportedTokens()` function. Admin sets the `_dailyAllowance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only addresses with the Admin and Operational role can call the `addSupportedTokens()` function. This sets the `_dailyAllowance` for a ERC20 token identified by its `_tokenAddress`. The `_startAllowanceTimeFrom` also represents when this token 'goes live'
```

> User should not allow to bridge more than the dailyAllowance/day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User are not allowed to bridge more than the dailyAllowance per day.
```

### Remove supported token

> Only addresses with Admin and operational role can call the `removeSupportedTokens()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only addresses with the Admin and Operational role can call the `removeSupportedTokens()` function.
```

### Change Daily Allowance

> Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change the `_dailyAllowance` (the new daily allowance) and `_newResetTimeStamp` (the timestamp when the token will start being supported) via `changeDailyAllowance()` function. The allowance period stays true until it passes 24 hours since it was changed, during this time no bridging to Defi will be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change the `_dailyAllowance` (the new daily allowance) and `_newResetTimeStamp` (the timestamp when the token will start being supported) via the `changeDailyAllowance()` function. The changes will only come into effect when the current timestamp has reached the `_newResetTimeStamp`. This new timestamp will have to be at least 24 hours in the future, if not the function will revert with `INVALID_RESET_EPOCH_TIME`

During this 'change in allowance' period, no bridging to DeFiChain will be allowed. However, it is still possible to make additional changes by calling `changeDailyAllowance()` in case mistakes were made.
```

### Change relayer address

Both the Admin and Operational addresses can change `relayerAddress`.
The relayer address will primarily be used for verifying the signature that is signed by the server. The server will need to sign with the corresponding private key of the relayer address.

### Transaction fee change

Only address with admin role can change `transactionFee`. Initial fee will be set to 0.3%. This means that if the user bridges `X` tokens, he will only bridge 99.7% of X. The other 0.3% will be taken as fees.

### Modify admin and operational address

`grantRole` and `revokeRole` will be used to a grant role to new addresses and revoke the existing addresses role respectively.

## Deployed Smart Contracts on Goerli testnet

> ## Deploy ERC20 tokens 'MUSDT' & 'MUSDC'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy ERC20 tokens 'MUSDT' & 'MUSDC'
```

To deploy ERC20 token user will have to run a command `npx hardhat run --network goerli ./scripts/deployERC20.ts` in smartContract directory.

To verify the said tokens and other contracts, there would be a prompt on terminal after running the deployment command that devs will need to run after.

Devs need to deploy the `BridgeV1` implementation contract before the `BridgeProxy`.

> `BridgeProxy` should only need to be deployed _once_ to a blockchain. Subsequent deployments should only be deploying the implementation contract (`BridgeV2`, `BridgeV3`, etc), before calling `_upgradeTo` of the `BridgeProxy` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BridgeProxy` should only need to be deployed _once_ to a blockchain. Subsequent deployments should only be deploying the implementation contract (`BridgeV2`, `BridgeV3`, etc), before calling `upgradeTo` of the `BridgeProxy` contract.
```

This follows the [proxy pattern](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/proxy-patterns/), with the behaviour being inherited from `OpenZeppelin` proxy contracts.

`BridgeV1` can be deployed with the command `npx hardhat run --network goerli ./scripts/deployBridgeImplementation.ts`

`BridgeProxy` can be deployed with `npx hardhat run --network goerli ./scripts/deployBridgeProxy.ts`

Before running the above command, following `vars` need to be addressed:

> `ADMIN_ADDRESS`, `OPERATIONAL_ADDRESS`, `RELAYER_ADDRESS`, `TRANSACTION_FEE` & `BRIDGE_IMPLEMENTATION_ADDRESS` aka `BridgeV1` contract address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the above command, following `vars` need to be addressed in the script files:
`ADMIN_ADDRESS`, `OPERATIONAL_ADDRESS`, `RELAYER_ADDRESS`, `TRANSACTION_FEE` & `BRIDGE_IMPLEMENTATION_ADDRESS` (aka the `BridgeV1` contract address).
```
